Throughput tool documentation (#5827)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/throughput-tool.md

1. Execute `az set --subscription {SubscriptionId}`, where `SubscriptionId` is a Guid matching the subscription id that contains the Azure Service Bus namespace.
1. In the Azure Portal, go to the Azure Service Bus namespace, click **Properties** in the side navigtation, and then copy the `Id` value, which will be needed to run the tool. The `Id` value should have a format similar to `/subscriptions/{Guid}/resourceGroups/{rsrcGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/{namespaceName}`.

Once these prerequisites are comlpete, execute the tool with the resource id of the Azure Service Bus namespace, as in this example:

```shell
particular-throughput-tool azureservicebus --resourceId /subscriptions/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/my-resource-group/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/my-asb-namespace --outputPath throughput-report.json
```

The tool may open additional terminal windows, which are Powershell processes gathering the data from the Azure CLI.

> Unlike other query options, using Azure Service Bus metrics allows the tool to capture the last 30 days worth of data, which means that results are returned instantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike ServiceControl, using Azure Service Bus metrics allows the tool to capture the last 30 days worth of data at once, which means that report will be generated without delay.
```

The other options of RabbitMQ and SQLTransport are not going to be relevant to this audience.

#### Options

All options are required:

| Option | Description |
|-|-|
| <nobr>`--resourceId`</nobr> | The resource ID of the Azure Service Bus namespace, which can be found in the Azure Portal as described above. |

> | <nobr>`--outputPath`</nobr> | A local path where the JSON report file should be generated. |

Reviewer: As mentioned above for ServiceControl.

### RabbitMQ

> Once installed, execute the tool with the RabbitMQ management URL, as in this example:

Reviewer: Could we add a link to some docs showing them how to find the RabbitMQ management URL?

```shell
particular-throughput-tool rabbitmq --apiUrl http://localhost:15672 --outputPath throughput-report.json
```

> The tool will prompt for the username and password to access the RabbitMQ management interface. After that, it will take its initial reading, then sleep for 24 hours before taking its final reading and generating a report.

Reviewer: It may be better for the tool to write a number of readings (values + timestamps) to temporary files in case there is some kind of crash in those 24 hours.

#### Options

All options are required:

| Option | Description |
|-|-|
| <nobr>`--apiUrl`</nobr> | The URL for the RabbitMQ management site. |

> | <nobr>`--outputPath`</nobr> | A local path where the JSON report file should be generated. |

Reviewer: As mentioned above for ServiceControl.

### SQL Transport

> Once installed, execute the tool with the database connection string used by SQL Server endpoints, as in this example:

Reviewer: Could we point them to some docs as to where they could find the connection string?

Also, is there any validation that is done to see that we're looking at the "right" database, like checking for the existence of queue tables.

```shell
particular-throughput-tool sqlserver --connectionString "Server=SERVER;Database=DATABASE;User=USERNAME;Password=PASSWORD;" --outputPath throughput-report.json
```

> The tool will run for slightly longer than 24 hours in order to capture a beginning and ending `RowVersion` value for each queue table. A value can only be detected when a message is waiting in the queue to be processed, and not from an empty queue, so multiple queries may be required. The tool will use a backoff mechanism to avoid putting undue pressure on the SQL Server instance.

Reviewer: As above, will data collected be written into temporary files to mitigate the risk of a crash?

#### Options

All options are required:

| Option | Description |
|-|-|
| <nobr>`--connectionString`</nobr> | The database connection string that will provide at least read access to all queue tables. |

> | <nobr>`--outputPath`</nobr> | A local path where the JSON report file should be generated. |

Reviewer: As mentioned above for ServiceControl.

## Masking private data

> The report that is generated will contain the names of endpoints/queues. If the queue names themselves contain confidential or proprietary information, certain strings can be masked in the report file.

Reviewer: Maybe we could make this functionality be something that can be run on an previously generated report file? I could totally see the case where somebody forgot to put this option in up-front, and then would need to wait another 24 hours to regenerate the report just to mask the queue names.
